[Music]
we're about to go into this abandoned
tunnel if we don't make it if we don't
hear favors on the second day of our
trip we decided to return to an
abandoned tunnel we found the day before
under El Morro the largest Spanish
colonial fortress in the Americas this
massive fortress was built in the 16th
century to protect the entrance of
Havana from Pirates and foreign invaders
the part of the castle we were walking
into may once have been an escape route
for soldiers this underground tunnel has
been abandoned and is dangerously close
to a military base located on the other
side but per usual our curiosity got the
best of us and we just had to see it for
ourselves
[Music]
[Applause]
there's snakes up like let's not have a
freakout inside it let's go up in there
this there's a military base this
direction
Oxygen's getting more so just minimize
the talking and just breathe in very
slow this is how this game move you
start this one guess I just leave tennis
three idiots are like who it's always
together it gets killed after more than
40 minutes of exploring the tunnel you
reached a dead end at this point there
was no other choice but to find another
path
all the while hoping not to get lost
[Music]
when we walked out we realized we were
only 300 feet away from the Cuban
military base and we were honestly
pretty happy that our trip to the
Caribbean didn't end on its second day
it was just scary that's good because
you don't know the end that's the
problem see you tomorrow there yes can
you ask people to like and subscribe
like and subscribe
hi guys welcome to my welcome to history
don't forget to Like and subscribe just
the worst outro of all time
[Music]
you